[EDU-4756] feature: add Error Status Code reference (#1057)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/services/support/http-error-status-codes.mdx

---
title: Azion HTTP Error Status Codes
description: These are the most common web and server errors and how to solve them.
meta_tags: services, support, documentation, system error
namespace: documentation_error_status_codes
permalink: /documentation/services/support/http-error-status-codes/
---

While using third-party web services implemented and hosted on Azion you may encounter some common web and server errors. These errors can be related to a bad request or missing content, authentication issues, servers malfunctioning, among others.

To inform you of these errors, you'll receive a message similar to this:

![Example - HTTP Error Status Codes](/assets/docs/images/uploads/http-error-status-codes.png)

- **Error Details**: date and time when the error occurred.
- **Request ID**: a unique identifier for your request. It can be used for further investigation or support.
- **Status Code**: the HTTP status code that indicates the specific type of error encountered.
- **POP**: the Azion's edge location that processed your request.

> When Azion's system returns an error page, the reason for it could be related to configurations, authorization mechanisms, or a failing connection with the third-party web services you're using. For example, when your bank or e-commerce application is hosted in Azion. To check Azion's platform health status, access [Azion status page](https://status.azion.com "Status page").

Author: ```suggestion
When Azion's system returns an error page, it could be related to configurations, authorization mechanisms, or a failing connection with the third-party web services you're using. For example, when your bank or e-commerce application is hosted in Azion. To check Azion's platform health status, access [Azion status page](https://status.azion.com "Status page").
```

:::tip
If you're using Azion to implement and deploy your online services, check this guide on [How to set error pages](/en/documentation/products/guides/build/set-error-pages/) to configure customized responses for your users.
:::

---

## What do Azion system errors mean?

These are the most common web and server errors and how to solve them.

### 400 Bad Request

This error indicates that the server can't or won't process the request due to a client error. Some common cases are malformed syntax, invalid request message framing, or misleading request routing. Summarizing, the server couldn't understand the request due to incorrect formatting or invalid data provided.

Some common examples:

> - Host header without the `:`. In the following example, it would be "Host: example.com".

Author: ```suggestion
- Host header without the `:`. In the following example, it would be `Host: example.com`.
```

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host example.com
Content-Length: 9
123456789
```

- Difference in bytes between `content-length` (size of the message body, in bytes) and the content (message body). In the following case, the message body has 14 bytes.

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Length: 9
12345678901234
```

> - Two spaces between the URL and the protocol specification. In the following example, there is an extra space between "sample" and "page".

Author: ```suggestion
- Two spaces between the URL and the protocol specification. In the following example, there's an extra space between `sample` and `page`.
```

Some common examples:

- Host header without the `:`. In the following example, it would be "Host: example.com".

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host example.com
Content-Length: 9
123456789
```

- Difference in bytes between `content-length` (size of the message body, in bytes) and the content (message body). In the following case, the message body has 14 bytes.

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Length: 9
12345678901234
```

> - Two spaces between the URL and the protocol specification. In the following example, there is an extra space between "sample" and "page".

Author: ```suggestion
- Two spaces between the URL and the protocol specification. In the following example, there's an extra space between "sample" and "page".
```
